[APM][Flare] Add a note in case tracer flare is missing (#30039)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/tracing/troubleshooting/tracer_debug_logs.md

### Send a flare
To send a flare from the Datadog site, make sure you've enabled [Fleet Automation][4] and [Remote Configuration][5] on the Agent.
{{% remote-flare %}}

> <div class="alert alert-warning">If you don’t see the option for your service, there is likely a connection error between the application and the Datadog agent and you should default to the manual option of providing debug tracer logs.</div>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<div class="alert alert-warning">If you don't see the option for your service, there is likely a connection error between the application and the Datadog agent and you should default to the manual option of providing debug tracer logs.</div>
```
